Remove old return type, mode kwarg (#4503)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/development/deprecations.rst

Completed deprecation cycles
----------------------------

* ``qml.enable_return`` and ``qml.disable_return`` have been removed. The old return types are no longer available.

  - Deprecated in v0.32
  - Removed in v0.33

* The ``mode`` keyword argument in ``QNode`` has been removed, as it was only used in the old return

>   system (which is also deprecated). Please use ``grad_on_execution`` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  system (which has also been removed). Please use ``grad_on_execution`` instead.
```

One last forgotten mistake :)

Completed deprecation cycles
----------------------------

> * ``qml.enable_return`` and ``qml.disable_return`` are deprecated. Please avoid calling
>   ``disable_return``, as the old return system is deprecated along with these switch functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``qml.enable_return`` and ``qml.disable_return`` are removed. The old return types are no longer available.
```

  - Deprecated in v0.32

>   - Will be removed in v0.33

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Removed in v0.33
```

> * The ``mode`` keyword argument in ``QNode`` is deprecated, as it was only used in the old return

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``mode`` keyword argument in ``QNode`` has been removed, as it was only used in the old return
```

  system (which is also deprecated). Please use ``grad_on_execution`` instead.

  - Deprecated in v0.32

>   - Will be removed in v0.33

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Removed in v0.33
```
